content/_index.md, before:

---
kind: home
title: John Barton
description: >
   Hi, I'm John Barton. Right now I run engineering for Amber Electric
   where I herd people and ship the odd bit of Typescript. My true passion is boring 
   friends and co-workers with slideshow presentations of Nautical History Facts.

ExpandedTitle: John Barton - Engineering Lead
ImagePath: /john-barton-dithered.png
ImageCaption: At home, with books
---
Hi, I'm John Barton - startup CTO and obvious Microsoft Encarta<sup>®</sup> enthusiast. I'm the solo founder of  which builds tools on top of GitHub to improve team communication. My true passion is boring friends and co-workers alike with slideshow presentations of Nautical History Facts.
            
I've spent most of my career leading small to mid-sized teams with a focus on developer-driven ops. Most of my time these days goes into leading product, design, and engineering at [Amber](https://amber.com.au/). I ran [Hecate](https://hecate.co) as a full time business for a while and keep it ticking as a bit of a hobby on the side.

 Previously I was VP Engineering (defacto CTO in the second half) for [99designs](https://99designs.com). Before 99 I was co-founder of the film centric social network [Goodfilms](https://goodfil.ms/) with the inestimable [Glen Maddern](https://glenmaddern.com/) and [Charlie Gleason](https://charliegleason.com/). Even before that, I led engineering for [the Envato marketplaces](https://market.envato.com/). I did even more things before that which you can scroll through at your leisure on [My Linkedin](http://au.linkedin.com/in/johnbarton).

I maintain a few open source libraries and hobby projects. [godotenv](https://github.com/joho/godotenv) is a reasonably popular port of the much more popular Ruby dotenv project. [letour](https://github.com/joho/letour) is a website I refresh annually that lets Aussies sleep through the Tour de France and catch the highlight reel in the morning without spoiling the result. [sqltocsv](https://github.com/joho/sqltocsv) is a handy little Go library to make it easy to do spreadsheet exports from your database. I started a parody "nanoservice" called [SHOUTCLOUD](HTTP://SHOUTCLOUD.IO/), only for the term nanoservice to be used unironically mere months later. My most popular project by far however is the sarcastic joke RFC for the [7xx Developer Error HTTP status codes](https://github.com/joho/7XX-rfc).

Commit message:

Import all the hecate content I want to keep ahead of 301 redirects

content/_index.md, after:

---
kind: home
title: John Barton
description: >
   Hi, I'm John Barton. Right now I run engineering for Amber Electric
   where I herd people and ship the odd bit of Typescript. My true passion is boring 
   friends and co-workers with slideshow presentations of Nautical History Facts.

ExpandedTitle: John Barton - Engineering Lead
ImagePath: /john-barton-dithered.png
ImageCaption: At home, with books
---
Hi, I'm John Barton - startup CTO and obvious Microsoft Encarta<sup>®</sup> enthusiast. I've spent most of my career leading small to medium sized software engineering teams with a focus on developer-driven ops. Most of my time these days goes into leading the product design and engineering teams at [Amber](https://amber.com.au/).

My true passion is boring friends and co-workers alike with slideshow presentations of Nautical History Facts.
            
Before joing Amber I was founder of a Startmate funded startup called [Hecate](/posts/goodbye-hecate) building tools for engineering leaders to better stay in touch with their team's work.

 Before that I was VP Engineering (defacto CTO in the second half) for [99designs](https://99designs.com). That was preceeded by another startup I co-founded, the film centric social network [Goodfilms](https://goodfil.ms/) alongside the inestimable [Glen Maddern](https://glenmaddern.com/) and [Charlie Gleason](https://charliegleason.com/). Even before that, I led engineering for [the Envato marketplaces](https://market.envato.com/). I did even more things before that which you can scroll through at your leisure on [My Linkedin](http://au.linkedin.com/in/johnbarton).

I maintain a few open source libraries and hobby projects. [godotenv](https://github.com/joho/godotenv) is a reasonably popular port of the much more popular Ruby dotenv project. [letour](https://github.com/joho/letour) is a website I refresh annually that lets Aussies sleep through the Tour de France and catch the highlight reel in the morning without spoiling the result. [sqltocsv](https://github.com/joho/sqltocsv) is a handy little Go library to make it easy to do spreadsheet exports from your database. My most popular project by far however is the sarcastic joke RFC for the [7xx Developer Error HTTP status codes](https://github.com/joho/7XX-rfc).
