pages/content/home.md, before:

Hi, I'm John Barton, Engineering Manager and obvious Microsoft Encarta<sup>&reg;</sup> enthusiast. Right now I head up the engineering team at [99designs](https://99designs.com) where I herd people and ship the odd bit of Ruby and Go code. My true passion is boring friends and co-workers with slideshow presentations of Nautical History Facts.
            
I've spent most of my career leading small to mid-sized teams with a focus on developer-driven ops. Before 99 I was co-founder of the film centric social network [Goodfilms](https://goodfil.ms/) with the inestimable [Glen Maddern](https://glenmaddern.com/) and [Charlie Gleason](https://charliegleason.com/). Even before that, I led engineering for [the Envato marketplaces](https://market.envato.com/). I did even more things before that which you can scroll through at your leisure on [My Linkedin](http://au.linkedin.com/in/johnbarton).

I maintain a few open source libraries and hobby projects. [godotenv](https://github.com/joho/godotenv) is a reasonably popular port of the much more popular Ruby dotenv project. [letour](https://github.com/joho/letour) is a website I refresh annually that lets Aussies sleep through the Tour de France and catch the highlight reel in the morning without spoiling the result. [sqltocsv](https://github.com/joho/sqltocsv) is a handy little Go library to make it easy to do spreadsheet exports from your database. I started a parody "nanoservice" called [SHOUTCLOUD](HTTP://SHOUTCLOUD.IO/), only for the term nanoservice to be used unironically mere months later. My most popular project by far however is the sarcastic joke RFC for the [7xx Developer Error HTTP status codes](https://github.com/joho/7XX-rfc).

Commit message:

Update copy to backlink to Hecate.

pages/content/home.md, after:

Hi, I'm John Barton - startup founder, recovering engineering manager and obvious Microsoft Encarta<sup>®</sup> enthusiast. I'm the solo founder of [Hecate](https://hecate.co) which builds tools on top of GitHub to improve team communication. My true passion is boring friends and co-workers alike with slideshow presentations of Nautical History Facts.
            
I've spent most of my career leading small to mid-sized teams with a focus on developer-driven ops. My last full-time gig was as VP Engineering for [99designs](https://99designs.com). Before 99 I was co-founder of the film centric social network [Goodfilms](https://goodfil.ms/) with the inestimable [Glen Maddern](https://glenmaddern.com/) and [Charlie Gleason](https://charliegleason.com/). Even before that, I led engineering for [the Envato marketplaces](https://market.envato.com/). I did even more things before that which you can scroll through at your leisure on [My Linkedin](http://au.linkedin.com/in/johnbarton).

I maintain a few open source libraries and hobby projects. [godotenv](https://github.com/joho/godotenv) is a reasonably popular port of the much more popular Ruby dotenv project. [letour](https://github.com/joho/letour) is a website I refresh annually that lets Aussies sleep through the Tour de France and catch the highlight reel in the morning without spoiling the result. [sqltocsv](https://github.com/joho/sqltocsv) is a handy little Go library to make it easy to do spreadsheet exports from your database. I started a parody "nanoservice" called [SHOUTCLOUD](HTTP://SHOUTCLOUD.IO/), only for the term nanoservice to be used unironically mere months later. My most popular project by far however is the sarcastic joke RFC for the [7xx Developer Error HTTP status codes](https://github.com/joho/7XX-rfc).
